Billie Eilish Pirate Baird O'Connell (born December 18, 2001), known professionally as Billie Eilish, is an American singer and songwriter born and raised in Los Angeles, California.

Working alongside her older brother Finneas, her co-writer and producer, she’s taken the internet by storm with her haunting vocals and eerily beautiful lyrics and genre-defying production that was poised to breakout.

For Billie, creating music wasn’t always her niche—dancing was. Born and raised in the entertainment mecca of Los Angeles, from a family comprised of musicians and actors, Billie was enthralled in the spotlight of dance. However, amid a growth plate injury in 2015, she was in practice for a recital dancing eleven hours a week for, she became an underground pop sensation.

Singing and songwriting had never been unknown to Billie, having written her first song at four and joined the Los Angeles Children’s Choir at eight. So when her dance instructor was looking for a song to choreograph, Billie, with help from Finneas, created “ocean eyes.” The two also agreed to upload it to SoundCloud, where it went viral with over two million streams, landing her a record deal with Interscope.

From there, several remixes spawned and a follow-up single “Six Feet Under” was released the following year.

In 2017, she released her debut EP, dont smile at me, which received mainstream applause and landed her a spot on Apple Music’s showcase for upcoming artists, UpNext. The EP also hit the top 40 on the Billboard 200 on July 19th.

On March 29th, 2019, Billie Eilish released her highly anticipated debut album, WHEN WE ALL FALL ASLEEP, WHERE DO WE GO? — a record centered around Eilish’s fascination with dreams and nightmares. Two weeks before its release, the album was officially given the title of “most pre-saved album of all time on Apple Music,” with over 800,000 to its name.

In 2020, Billie Eilish was nominated for 6 categories for the 62nd Grammy Awards ceremony, alongside with her brother Finneas. She was nominated in the five main categories (“Album of the Year”, “Best New Artist”, “Best Pop Solo Performance”, “Song of the Year”, Record of the Year") and “Best Pop Vocal Album”. Finneas was nominated in “Producer of the Year – non classical” and he won. Eilish won 5 Grammys in the 62nd ceremony: Album of the Year (“WHEN WE ALL FALL ASLEEP, WHERE DO WE GO ?”), Song of the Year (“bad guy”), Record of the Year (“bad guy”), Best New Artist and Best Pop Vocal Album (“WHEN WE ALL FALL ASLEEP, WHERE DO WE GO ?).

In 2021, Billie and Finneas also won in the 63rd Grammy Awards with two categories: Best Song Written for a Visual Media (“No Time To Die”, for the last James Bond movie) and Record of the Year (“everything i wanted”, released in 2019).

On April 26, 2021, Billie Eilish teased the album’s title track, Happier Than Ever. Shortly after, billboards appeared in different locations that revealed the album’s title and release date of July 30, 2021, and an Instagram post from April 27 revealed the album’s cover artwork and announced the release of a new single on April 29, 2021. Eilish broke her previous record for the most pre-saved album with a whopping 1,028,000 pre-saves for Happier Than Ever.

On March 22, 2022 Billie and Finneas won the Oscar for best original song with No Time to Die. The Oscar was both the first nomination and the first win for the brother/sister team. The win was also record-breaking, with Billie becoming the youngest artist to have three awards on the same song.